---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: "&hellip;In the Beginning"
author: Don Thorp
author_login: donthorp
author_email: don@donthorp.net
author_url: http://www.donthorp.net
wordpress_id: 6
wordpress_url: http://192.168.123.112/?p=6
date: '2001-05-03 17:00:00 +0000'
date_gmt: '2001-05-03 22:00:00 +0000'
categories:
- Announcements
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>
					I've moved the items off the original site and into this new web log format.<br />
					This format is the first step in the new weblog tool John and I are working<br />
					on.<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
<h2>Welcome<&#47;h2></p>
<p>
					This is going to be my scratch pad for various things that interest me.<br />
					As any new site, this one is going to be light on content for a while. In<br />
					fact most of the content here is going to focus on <strong>Job Hunt 2001<&#47;strong>.<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
<h3>Current Notions<&#47;h3></p>
<p>
					It took a little while, but the site is now in a state where I can add content<br />
					more quickly. I have temporarily given up on XInclude and just created a helper<br />
					class to do the merging for me. The site is now running under Tomcat, it is<br />
					built and published using Ant, and all of the content is now XML based!<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
<p>
					I've started a resources page, but there is much to be done. I'll add entries<br />
					and annotate it shortly. The next step I think will be to add an about the site<br />
					page that describes the techniques I'm using for this site.<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
<h3>Job Hunt 2001<&#47;h3></p>
<p>
					As many of you know, my last employer <em>Vast Solutions<&#47;em> decided to go<br />
					out of business without any warning. I guess that is always a risk with a<br />
					startup, but <a href="http:&#47;&#47;www.johnmunsch.com" target="_blank">John<&#47;a><br />
					and I thought we had done better research on this one. We were told that<br />
					they had revenue, a burn rate that would last through Q3 or early Q4, and<br />
					they were a spin-off of a larger corporation. I guess you never really know.<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
<p>
					I'm reworking my online resume. After review by several folks, I expanded it<br />
					to add more detailed information about what I've done over the years. It is<br />
					sometimes difficult to capture all of the little things, but I think I cover<br />
					the important ones. In the mean time, you can pull the<br />
					<a href="docs&#47;DonThorp-RESUME.rtf">Word&#47;RTF<&#47;a> version.<br />
				<&#47;p></p>
